feat(sdk)!: rename `cloud.Counter` method `reset` to `set`, and add docs (#2807)
winglang/wing: docs/04-resources/counter.md

---
title: cloud.Counter 
id: counter
description: A built-in resource for representing an container for numbers in the cloud.
keywords: [Wing reference, Wing language, language, Wing sdk, Wing programming language, Counter]
---

> The `cloud.Counter` resource represents a stateful container for one or more numbers in the cloud.

Reviewer: Are these md files meant to document target state or current. I think they should be current, so maybe we dont say the `more` part just yet?

Author: Yes, good call.
```suggestion
The `cloud.Counter` resource represents a stateful container for a number in the cloud.
```
